Hey guys. I'm gonna outline what some of the classes are in this document. 
there are a lot of classes, I'll go over em again for sure. Most are from codenmore tutorial

the res package contains all of our sprites for characters and maps. Subpackages are levels and textures

source packages are gonna contain all of our code 

the entities subpackaege contains code for our creatures, which will be players and eventually enemies.
the player extends creature, and creature contains most of our boundchecking. Check tutorial for clarification,
bounds checking is hard to explain but is fully functional so far. 

Our level class is how we load our levels onto the screen. The render function renders to screen, and the loadLEvel
function sets the path to find the level. 

the states class is how we set up menus and such. We are currently using gamestate for everything, but will
implement menu in the near future.

the tile class is what we are going to use for map making. We can update this in the future when we want
more detailed tiles 

utils are things that help the game run smoothly. Animation is how we set up the walking, falling, and jumping
animations. The gamecamera class is how we keep the player centered. The handler is used to access all other
functions.


the softengproject subpackage contains all the classes we need to physically print out game windows. Don't worry 
too much about the display, screen and loader classes. these aren't really going to be modifed in the future.
the assets class is how we load different sprite animations to the player. this class is linked to the animation class,
don't ask me how, it'll be clear in the future. 

the game class in this subpackage is where everything gets initialized. this class contains the psv main 
function. there is a lot of code here that initialized screens and windows which is not very important
for out current reasons. 





this is a lot of info. You might seem overwhelmed. it's all good, we got hella time. 



- Irvin 
